the undying a gray shirt staring at me
it's very pretty isn't she
what do you do now I'm a tour guide
you're American you believe you can ask
him yourself is gonna show us around the
flea market Sunday what do you do for a
living sir I look after people's savings
they want you join us for dinner
Oh what do you think wouldn't trust him
to mow my lawn mister Dunlavey
no I think you get drama I represent
some very unhappy clients who invested
their money with you you got to be more
careful where you do business with I
thought you said no one would follow us
we gotta get out of here right away
we need new passports new identities I
have a friend he might know somebody
that could help you out you would do
that
I'd certainly make it worth your while
it's not about the money it's all over
the news if you turn yourself in they'll
arrest you as an accomplice
truth is were joined it there
I get caught I take you down you get
caught you turn me
it's people that are after him what did
he do
he killed someone why would you lie for
him
I can't do it for him what the hell's
going on next they recognized her all
right why don't you lay off or can't you
ever speak to me like that again
Oh what how much did you know
you should have killed me when you had
the chance
now look at you a real criminal